So, guys, we will going to discuss one example using which we will going to learn how to write our
very first big file.
So you need to go to this direct report that is Liberdade designing slash makefile assignment.
So on this slide, I have shown the directory structure, which is present inside the directory makefile
assignment.
So you can see that this directory intown contains three other directories.
That is that is Common Matha directory, complex math directory and trig math victory.
You have three other directories inside Makefile assignment directory.
Right.
And along with this directress, you have one source file called Endorsee.
And this source file, the main function is implemented.
And because we have a source file in which main function is implemented, it is desirable that we need
to create an executable.
And inside the same directory we have a make file and it is this make file that we need to right now.
If you look at each of these directories that is inside the directory common underscore, Matt, you
have one source file and had a file.
Now I urge you to open this common underscore math doxie source file and see that I have really implemented
very obvious mathematical functions, such as add, subtract, multiply or divide two numbers.
In fact, I can show you one of the source file so you can see that inside the source file.
I have simply implemented these functions.
Right.
Similarly, if you go and open complex underscore Mathlouthi file, you will find very simple functions
to add or subtract to complex numbers.
Similarly, under the directory tree underscore math.
There is a file click, underscore math, dot see and underscore math.
Not at this source file implements very obvious trigonometric functions.
So if you just have a quick look in each of these sorts file, you will be able to understand the functionality
provided each of these source file.
So our goal is to understand how to write this particular make file.
This makefile will create an executable as well as a library which is required to create an executable.
So our ultimate goal as a part of this assignment is to write this particular make file and this makefile
will take and input the source file and had a file that we have.
So you can see that we have common underscore maddog source file complex underscore math, tazi source
file and trig underscore math dot seesaws file along with main source file.
Right.
And we also have the corresponding header files.
So this source file and files is the raw material which is taken as an input by this makefile, and
eventually we will going to create one executable.
Why are we creating an executable?
Because we have a source file may not see in which there is a main function.
Whenever you have a source file in which there is a main function, it means that you need to create
an executable because the execution of the executable starts from mean.
And the second end product that we need to create is a library called Licalsi, not a this library will
going to encapsulate all the mathematical functionalities that is provided by government, underscore
my orthodoxy, source file complex, underscore matador's seesaws file and trache, underscore my orthodoxy
source file.
So we were going to have a library which will going to provide a developer all the mathematical functionalities
that we have.
So now let us discuss that, how does the department's history of Flip considered a static liablity,
would look like so going forward?
So let us suppose that we want to create a library, Licalsi today, which will be a collection of all
mathematical functions defined in all the source file that we have.
So the final dish of the delicious meal that we will going to prepare is the Licalsi Dorte.
Now, going by the analogy of a delicious meal, what are the prerequisite components which is required
to prepare lipgloss?
It's not a static library.
Now we know that we create a library out of all the object files.
So here we need all the object files as a prerequisite component in order to prepare Licalsi, not a
static library.
So liabilities are created out of object files of source funds and of course, the object files are
created out of source files, right.
So you can see that the dependency tree to prepare Licalsi, not a static library, is pretty much simple
and straightforward, right.
We have source file at the bottom level of this dependency tree from the source file, we will going
to create object files and once we have all the object files, then we will be in the position to create
our final static library.
Licalsi dot a.
So let us discuss step by step, how can we write Makefile in order to create our final dish that is
Licalsi dot a static library as an end product.